My stop's right over there.
Don't miss this one.
Bye.
- Bye.
- Ciao!
Wait!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Christ.]
[Police.]
Let me go!
No!
No, no! Let me go!
Let me go!
I'll get that, shall I?
Have you even done your
homework yet, Ollie?
- Hello. - Sorry to trouble
you at home, ma'am,
but we've just picked up a bystander
triple-9 on an active abduction
- of a young female in the Moss Heath area.
- They've got all-patrol obs?
Yes, ma'am, they're definitely doing that.
Make sure obs goes out
to surrounding forces.
I'll patch in en route. I'm coming in.
Sorry to have called you at home, ma'am.
No, this is what we needed.
We've being looking for him for months.
We're going to get this bastard, yeah?
- Come on, let's go!
- Go, go, go!
Nick, where are you?
Sorry, last meeting overran.
I just got the call and you're not home!
- I'm literally ten minutes away.
- OK, the kids are waiting for you.
And I put the bins out.
Ma'am.
DCI Huntley.
- Is it the vehicle?
- Yes, ma'am, reported stolen this morning.
The bystander that witnessed
the abduction described
a suspect of average height and
build, wearing a dark balaclava.
It's him, he could be right here.
- Yes, ma'am. - OK, let's get
a decision log up and running.
Cordons established, with time, SO
DCI Huntley arrives, takes command
of initial scene management, with time.
- Sorry, boss.
- Anyone see the driver, passenger?
Just done a sweep, boss.
No witnesses as yet.
Missed him by minutes.
Christ! News travels.
Come on, come on, let's
start house-to-house.
- Ma'am. - Get a pair of
GPDs. - OK, guys, with me.
House-to-house and GPDs, note start time.
Delta X-ray 8912. Dog unit,
please, Borogrove Estate.
Have you seen a young woman accompanied by
a man who might have
been wearing a balaclava?
Detective Chief Inspector Huntley,
sorry to disturb your evening.
We're conducting house-to-house
enquiries relating
to a vehicle found abandoned
on the estate that may have been
involved in the abduction
of a young woman.
Boss! Boss! The dogs are on to something!
Pull the dogs back.
Neil, get Control.
Delta X-ray, stand by for an active
message from Delta X-ray Zero Two.
'Delta X-ray received.
This is SIO on the Trapdoor
search currently ongoing on the
Borogrove Estate.
- Get back!
- Are you all right?
Round the back!
We can't lose him! He was right here!
Neil, get the dogs down there,
he could have made a run for it!
Help!
Get the cutters!
Listen to me, we're going to
get you free. What's your name?
It's Hana.
Come on!
Cutters, ma'am!
- The ambulance will be
here in a minute. - Perfect.
Constable, will you record
this on your body-cam?
Hana, can you give us a
description of your attacker?
No, I never saw his face.
He wore a...
A balacla...?
Something covering his face?
Yes, like, dark, with
two holes for the eyes.
What did his voice sound
like? Accent, etc?
Um, he never spoke.
What happened to your ears?
He tore out my earrings.
All right. Thank you, Hana.
The paramedics are going to
take very good care of you.
Boss, no sign of him in the back alley.
- Dogs are still out there.
- Right.
Let's lock down all exit
roads in a one-mile radius,
put out all patrol obs on our suspect
and find out whose house this is.
Yes, ma'am.
Tim Ifield, Forensic Coordinator.
Hey, Tim.
Listen, I'm not being funny,
but that scene log has got
every Tom, Dick and Harry going.
Your officers, they're traipsing
all over every blade of grass
before MY team's had a
chance to secure evidence.
This is a live search for a
suspect and THAT takes priority.
I'll send you in to do an
initial survey the moment the
FARS OIC declare the building safe.
Fine, yeah, ready when you are.
And I'll need one of your
FIs to process the witness.
Yeah, that's what we're here for.
Ma'am, electoral roll gives
residents as Eileen Farmer,
born 1946, and Michael Farmer, born 1993.
Neighbours say they haven't
seen Eileen for ages.
And Michael, the grandson,
they describe him as a loner,
rarely seen out on the estate.
PNCd Michael Farmer. He's on
the Sex Offenders Register.
Bingo.
Hold the line, please.
Michael Farmer just clocked
on for the night shift.
Just too late for an alibi.
Right, well, we can take my car, ma'am.
No, no-one who's been at the crime
scene can have any contact with
- Michael Farmer until he's been fully
forensically processed. - Right.
No way some smart arse defence
barrister's going to get to confuse
a jury about cross-contamination
of forensic evidence.
Please do nothing to alert Mr Farmer.
Police officers will be
arriving in the next few minutes.
Which one's Michael?
He's down there.
Michael Farmer, I'm arresting
you on suspicion of abduction
and attempted murder.
- Stop! - Received Delta
Charlie Two Zero. - Stop!
We have a male making off from us.
Hold it, mate, hold it!
Calm down, calm down.
'Delta Charlie Two-Zero.
Are you in position for
an update on the suspect?
Delta Charlie Two-Zero, one under
arrest identified as Michael Farmer.
Confirmed. One under arrest
identified as Michael Farmer.
Forensic deployment en
route. Suspect is cooperating.
Michael, why did you run
from our arresting officers?
I was frightened.
Please can you help us with where you were
between 8pm and 10pm last night?
I went to visit my nan.
Which would be where, please, Michael?
At the nursing home.
How long did you stay
at the nursing home, please, Michael?
Half-past seven till half-past eight.
Visiting time.
And then where did you go, Michael?
Nowhere.
Can you help us with what you
mean by "nowhere", please, Michael?
After visiting Nan, I go and eat
me sandwiches and have me drink.
Where did you do that, Michael?
Sat on a wall.
Why didn't you stay with your nan instead?
You're not allowed...
.. after half-past eight.
If you had your phone with you, that
could help prove your whereabouts.
Unfortunately, Mr Farmer's
phone isn't a smartphone.
But surely, Mr Morganstaff, you
realise that you can locate
any mobile SIM via triangulation
of relative signal strength.
Yeah.
Would you like to take a break, Michael?
Ah, Roz, I'm glad I caught you.
Tim, they're about to go
back in with the suspect.
About to. Now, these appear to
have been the most significant find
- at the crime scene.
- I'm up to speed on the forensics.
There's a very subtle point
you've probably missed.
Trust me, I haven't.
Boss, the duty solicitor says
Farmer's ready to carry on.
Great. Thanks, Neil.
Tim, e-mail me your concerns.
I know my place.
Tim, I will read them.
Absolutely.
What was all that about, boss?
As you were.
Is DCI Huntley, um...?
Expecting me? No.
As you were.
That'll be all.
So from half-past eight
to a quarter to ten,
- you were just sitting
on a wall? - Yes.
Where was the wall?
Sir.
I can't remember.
Did anybody see you while you
were sitting on this wall?
I don't think so.
Anything?
Convicted sex offender.
We're just hearing now he has
nothing in way of an alibi.
Good.
You were on this wall for over an hour,
but you can't remember where it was?
No.
Right, OK.
Think we'll be able to charge
him within the 36 hours?
Was there anybody there with you?
There's a lot of evidence to go through.
You're right to be meticulous,
but we need a breakthrough.
They've been killing us on Twitter.
There hasn't been a single moment
I've regretted my choice of SIO.
Think very carefully, please, Michael.
Thank you, sir.
But I've stuck my neck out.
Plenty would have taken
you off this case by now.
There wasn't a young woman there?
- No.
- You sure?
Yes.
I have every confidence in you.
There's something else we
want to talk about, a fire.
What can you tell us about that?
A fire, in your house, Michael.
- A big fire.
- I don't know.
So you're saying you had nothing to do
with this fire?
No.
I'm going to show you
some photographs now.
Baswinder Kaur.
Her dismembered body was found
on the 11th of November.
A hairgrip.
Ever seen either of these before, Michael?
I'm not sure.
Leonie Collersdale.
Last seen 25th of January.
No-one's seen her since.
A necklace.
Seen this or Leonie before?
I'm not sure.
Hana Reznikova abducted last night.
Her earrings.
Have you seen them before?
I'm not sure.
- Is this you, Michael?
- This is very important, Michael.
Please, think carefully.
This is a photo of a man
captured on the evening
of the 25th of January
when Leonie disappeared.
Could this be you at all?
I'm not sure.
A 24-year-old man has
been charged in connection
with the murder of Baswinder Kaur,
the disappearance of Leonie Collersdale
and the abduction and attempted
murder of a third woman.
The third victim was
rescued from an address
in the Moss Heath area late last night.
She's currently safe and well
and assisting our inquiry.
Baswinder Kaur's dismembered body
was found in November last year,
with Leonie Collersdale's
disappearance also in the
Moss Heath area ten weeks later.
Police quickly suspected
there was a connection.
The hunt for the suspect,
code-named Operation Trapdoor,
had made scant progress until now.
"Until now!"
I want to thank members of...
And my officers for
their courageous actions
in rescuing this young woman
from a terrifying ordeal.
I would also like to pay tribute...
Well done, everyone.
Great work. Well done.
- Thanks, boss.
- Thanks, ma'am.
They've worked tirelessly during
these dark months to crack this
most challenging case.
And, finally, at this time,
our thoughts are with the
families of the two young women,
who are the tragic victims
of these senseless crimes.
They should throw away the key.
Full marks to the ACC for
his Crimewatch audition.
All right, everybody. Come on.
Back to work.
Hello, Superintendent Hastings, AC-12.
Roz?
Hey.
I heard the news.
Sorry about last night.
If I'd known...
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, what's wrong?
Nothing.
The opposite.
It's over.
Finally...
.. it's over.
Sorry, Sarge, I know you're
just heading out the door.
What's up?
There's someone down in
reception wants to talk to you.
To AC-12?
No, he said only DS Arnott.
Won't give a name, won't
say what it's about.
OK, the case against Michael Farmer.
The crucial finding at the crime scene was
a collection of three items.
Now, the third victim,
the one who was rescued,
told officers that the suspect
forcibly removed her earrings.
Now, these earrings were identified
by the victim as belonging
to her, and the blood matched hers.
That seems pretty sound to me.
It does, DS Arnott.
Significantly, highly
significantly, these earrings were
supposedly kept with items
belonging to the previous victims.
Why supposedly?
How forensically minded are you?
I manage OK.
Because some officers, honestly,
they think the forensics
are cut-and-dried. But, let me tell
you, that is not always the case.
Forensics have to be
interpreted carefully.
I mean, in court, a
so-called expert pops up
and the jury stops listening
to the rest of the evidence.
Look, Tim, it's late.
So, I asked the submissions team
at the laboratory to carry out
a simple environmental
profile on these items.
Other items recovered
from the crime scene --
a hairgrip belonging to Baswinder Kaur
and a necklace belonging
to Leonie Collersdale
bore a characteristic pattern
of carpet fibre deposits.
Now, as residents walk around...
Tiny amounts of carpet
fibres are thrown into the air
and settle on objects in
the immediate vicinity.
This gives an indication of
how long the objects have been
in said location.
Exactly.
No carpet fibre deposits were
found on any of the items
connecting the crime scene
to the previous victims.
None of the suspect's DNA either.
Now, I'm worried...
Well, you know what I'm worried about.
That they were planted there.
One more thing.
All shoe prints in the house matched
footwear seized from the resident
of the house, apart from this one.
It's a boot print that doesn't
relate to him or to anyone
who attended the crime scene
after the scene was cordoned off
for forensic deployment.
Someone else was in the house
around the time of the offence.
Why haven't you taken all
this to the SIO on Trapdoor?
DCI Huntley?
I tried. God knows, I tried.
Evidence may have been planted,
evidence may have been suppressed.
The man they've charged
could well be innocent.
And I've come to you because, well,
you're AC-12, this is what you do.
Timothy Ifield, forensic coordinator,
15 years' experience as an FI,
promoted to Grade G two years ago
on the back of first-class
performance reviews.
He came to us to report
concerns about an investigation
- led by DCI Roz Huntley.
- Operation Trapdoor.
He came to me, actually, sir.
Huntley's got no history
of misconduct or corruption allegations.
None of her team do either.
And on the database, none of
them show any previous link
- to the suspect. - Michael
Farmer? - Yes, sir.
Farmer's a convicted sex
offender, who allegedly abducted
a young woman in Moss Heath and
left her to die in a burning house.
And at his home, trophies were found
linking to the previous victims.
Tim Ifield claims that DCI Huntley
disregarded forensic evidence
that casts doubt on
Michael Farmer's guilt.
Bearing in mind, sir, Huntley must
have discussed the evidence with
other officers, he must have presented it
- to the Crown Prosecutor.
- Well, we can't know details
- until we start digging, sir.
- Right.
Sir, how we treat Tim Ifield's
claims speaks volumes about anyone
that witnesses corruption or is
in two minds about coming forward.
See what happens when you become a DS?
You start worrying how things look.
Hang the finer points.
A young lad might go to prison
for a crime he didn't commit.
And if police wrongdoing is
part of it, I want to know.
Sir.
That could've gone better.
My promotion shouldn't be an issue, Steve.
All I mean is, next time
let's get our ducks in
a row before we talk to the gaffer.
You're not getting any argument from me.
Sorry, ma'am.
There's a DS here from East Mids,
says you should know all about it.
All about what?
Sorry, ma'am.
- Where?
- Incident Room.
- Neil, I'll take those.
- Cheers, boss. - Thank you.
DCI Huntley.
DS Kate Flynn. Congratulations
on closing the case, ma'am.
Great job.
Thank you.
I'm afraid you've caught me unawares.
Oh, sorry, ma'am. I thought
the liaison had been agreed.
It's news to me.
I'm Missing Persons over
at East Mids, looking into a
disappearance with similarities with
the first two victims in your case.
Like yours, she's got juvenile offences
and on-off history of prostitution.
Everything we've put out to the
public has played down those
girls' difficult upbringings,
at my insistence.
Prostitution is not a
factor in these cases.
The victims could have been any woman.
No-one at this station calls
those girls prostitutes.
We call them Baswinder and Leonie.
Yes, ma'am. I didn't mean
to cause any offence.
Hana Reznikova works two jobs,
all hours, cleaner and waitress.
Yes, ma'am. Still, my gaffer's asked
me to rule out any connection.
He said he'd sent you an e-mail.
It's all been a bit hectic here.
Rikki Neville, 21-year-old,
last seen just before Christmas.
What do you need from us?
Thank you, ma'am.
We've arranged a post-charge
interview with Michael Farmer,
just to put some questions about my case.
Fine.
I'll just wait here until one
of your team's available, ma'am.
You know what, interviewing Farmer...
perhaps it would help if I was there?
Yeah. Very good, ma'am.
Right.
Um...
Michael, my name's Kate Flynn,
I'm a Detective Sergeant on the
East Midlands Constabulary.
You remember DCI Huntley from
Polk Avenue Police Station?
Hello, Michael.
Thank you for speaking to us today.
How are you, Michael?
Been in a fight?
I had one of my falls.
It can be tough in prison if
you're in for certain kinds
of offences, even if
you're only on remand.
We can speak to the
Offender Management Officer,
explain that you're helping us.
And maybe that way they can
do more to protect you.
Thank you.
Right, now first I need to remind
you that you remain under caution.
What that means is you shouldn't
say anything unless you're OK
for it to be used against you in court.
You can avoid a question
by saying no comment
and you can stop the
interview at any time.
I need to ask you about your
whereabouts in the two weeks
after New Year.
Did you travel to the Leicester
area in early January?
Um...
Don't remember.
You don't remember ever leaving town?
I don't get out much.
You didn't take a bus or a
train out of town at all?
It was a while ago. I'm sorry.
I might've forgotten.
What about driving?
- Uh... - Do you ever drive
out of town at all, Michael?
Michael?
No.
Here's a photo.
This is the girl I'm asking you about.
She looks a bit like Hana
Reznikova, doesn't she?
Similar age, same sort of hair, I mean.
I...
Michael...
did you steal anything from her?
I, um...
DCI Huntley's explained to me
that Hana Reznikova was wearing
a set of earrings that
were found in your house.
And this girl, someone reckons
they saw her getting into
a car with a stranger,
which is what's alleged to have
happened with Hana Reznikova.
I don't want to get in more trouble.
Michael, you can answer however you like.
If you want to change your
story, you can, but it's important
that you know that changing answers
may harm your defence in court.
That's correct, Michael.
The reason I'm asking you about
the car, Michael, is because this
is what's alleged to have
happened with Hana Reznikova.
I don't want to get things wrong.
I get...
I get muddled sometimes.
What do you get muddled about, Michael?
Do you want to stop the
interview, Michael?
Yes, please.
OK. We'll leave it there.
- Is that all right, DS Flynn?
- Yeah, of course, ma'am, no problem.
Thanks, everyone.
Did I do all right?
In what way?
You said if I did well, you'd...
.. you'd tell them to
look after me better.
Yeah, I will.
Sorry about that, ma'am.
I hope I haven't wasted your time.
No, not at all.
Do you mind if I ask
you some questions now?
It would be good to beat the traffic home.
Look, I don't mean to be presumptuous,
but you're barking up the wrong tree.
Why would you say that, ma'am?
Farmer took trophies
from each of his victims.
We did a thorough search of the
house, the fire's investigator
found no evidence of similar
items incinerated in the fire.
Three trophies, three victims.
Whatever happened to your missing
girl, she was not the fourth.
I'm sorry if you've had a wasted journey.
No, not at all, ma'am.
I really appreciate the
time you've given me.
You're welcome.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
All right?
I interviewed Farmer.
One uncontrolled crime of
passion, that I can imagine.
But two or three, leaving
no clues for months?
According to his medical
records, he was diagnosed with
learning difficulties when he was 11.
That doesn't necessarily
mean he was incapable
of committing the offences.
True, but he was meant to
have stolen the car used
to abduct Hana Reznikova. I'm
not even convinced he can drive.
His solicitor bring that up?
Don't even get me started
on the solicitor.
You pressed Huntley on the driving?
I know how to run an undercover.
Never said you didn't.
Well, we could leave it to you,
but I don't want us to
all end up in court again.
Don't worry, mate. We'll get there.
- Right.
- Night, mate.
- Yep? - Tim Ifield's raised legitimate
questions, don't get me wrong, sir.
I've looked at the electronic
submissions to the CPS.
The MG3, MG5 and all the
MG11s are by the book.
The MG6 initial disclosure is
what I'd expect at this stage.
But signal strength triangulation
places Michael's mobile phone
in the vicinity of his grandmother's
nursing home and not the
abduction of Hana Reznikova.
Right. Well, we all know how this works.
There's a chain of evidence,
it starts with the investigating
team, goes on to the
Senior Investigating Officer, who
presents it to the Crown Prosecutor.
The Prosecutor can only consider
the evidence put in front of her.
What we don't know is how Huntley
presented it all when she
- made the case for charging Farmer.
- Exactly.
Nothing in Huntley's record
suggests she's ever done anything
like this before.
And she can't have a
grudge against Farmer,
she's got no connection to him.
Maybe on the balance of evidence,
she believes Michael Farmer's guilty.
She's just an honest copper
getting on with the job.
Yep, the job she's been given.
Sir?
Well, Huntley's superiors, they
won't have been kept in the dark
about such a high profile case.
I mean, one girl dead, one presumed.
One by the grace of God.
No progress for months.
Senior officers only get told
what they want to hear, sir.
Yeah, well, I must be the exception.
Sir, I managed to check
the electronic door entry
download to Polk Avenue the night
of Michael Farmer's questioning.
And it shows access via the
warrant card registered to
Assistant Chief Constable Hilton.
Right.
OK. Thanks, you two.
Sir.
I'll be right out.
I don't know if this is a
good time, sir, but I've been
a DS for over five years now
and I hope I've proved myself.
I've recently passed the
National Inspectors' Exam.
Yes, I was aware.
Well, I feel I'm right for a
promotion, sir, if you'll back me?
Full marks for ambition, son.
Rest assured, I will give
it due consideration.
Sir.
The sea bass for me.
And I'll have the sirloin
steak, medium-rare, no sauce.
You didn't fancy some vino, did you, Ted?
Oh, no, no, no. A bit
too early for me, sir.
Although you might consider
that recent successes
merit a glass of bubbly?
It's a bit early for me too, but
certainly a cloud's been lifted.
Yes, well, I mean, expectations are
so high from the public these days.
I mean, they think that
forensic science is going to
lead us directly to the door
of the offender, you know.
Public trust has been restored,
the Chief Constable and the PCC have
dialled down their rabid anxiety.
So, we can relax and
enjoy a pleasant lunch.
But, I mean, it is a very
trying situation, you know,
and that level of anxiety starts
to filter down through the ranks.
How so?
Well, you said yourself,
sir, public trust,
expectation of getting a
result can sometimes lead to
undue pressure on a
detective to close a case.
Well, I don't think that's
always such a bad thing.
Sometimes you've got to light a fire.
Indeed, sir.
Indeed.
However, a detective under that kind
of undue pressure can sometimes bend
the facts to suit the expectations
of his, or her, superiors.
I've got better antennae than that.
You know we can't be micromanagers, Ted.
We trust our officers...
.. to conduct themselves with
professionalism and integrity.
Sorry.
ACC Hilton.
Steve.
How do you know when an
executive officer's telling lies?
His lips move.
There may be something in
this. I sincerely hope not,
but I'm relying on you and Kate
to get to the bottom of it.
As of now, we are investigating
Roz Huntley's charging
of Michael Farmer.
- Sir.
- Good.
Jade Hopkirk?
- What's he done now?
- No-one's in any trouble, miss.
Would it be possible to
talk to you inside, please?
Free country.
I appreciate this may be a
difficult subject for you, Jade,
but I'm here to talk to
you about Michael Farmer.
All right.
Do you mind if I ask, how
did you know Mr Farmer?
Just from the estate.
I don't mean to push.
Could you tell me a bit more, please?
We used to walk the same
way home from school.
That's how it started, I suppose.
According to records I've
accessed in relation to my inquiry,
a complaint about Michael Farmer
was made on 18th June 2009
by your mother, alleging
Michael Farmer raped you.
Why you asking me all this now?
This relates to a new inquiry.
I'm not at liberty to say more.
I am sorry for bringing up a
traumatic experience, Jade.
Thank you.
At the time, you were 15 years old?
- Yeah.
- And Mr Farmer, he was 16?
Yeah.
And this offence took place
in Michael Farmer's home?
His grandma was out. We were
alone, listening to music and that.
Was there a friendship of some
sort before the attack took place?
I thought he just wanted to be friends.
But you made clear to Michael
Farmer you didn't want to have
intercourse with him?
Yeah.
In his initial statement,
Michael claims you went along?
Yeah, and then he said he'd
done it, so what's the problem?
- Morning, boss.
- Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Sorry, boss, the DS from East Mids.
How long do you want to give her?
You've lost me.
To go through the interviews with
Farmer and the witness statements.
Do you mind telling me
what's going on here?
My gaffer wasn't happy with
what I got out of Farmer.
He said there was holes in his statement.
He wants more before we can rule him out.
Sorry, ma'am, I... Your
team seemed fine with it.
I didn't want to disturb you at home.
I'm the SIO.
You ask me.
Yes, ma'am, I'm sorry.
I meant no disrespect.
I'd like you to desist, please,
while I take this up
with your senior officer.
Yeah. As you wish, ma'am.
I'll get someone to do that.
Very good, ma'am.
As you know, ma'am, I'm
only here to solve a crime.
We're both on the same side.
Of course.
I'm very sorry, ma'am.
OK.
- Hello, switch.
- DCI Huntley.
Can you put me through
to Missing Persons at the
East Midlands Constabulary?
DS Flynn's interfering
with my investigation.
I'd rather she was denied
further access to our files.
I'm sorry to hear that, DCI Huntley,
but I need to speak to
my Chief Superintendent.
DS Flynn's secondment is an
important line of inquiry for us.
I appreciate that, but I'm finding
her a disruptive influence.
Huntley's call was intercepted by
our undercover ops handling service.
They're on standby to go over
Huntley's head and push Kate
- back on her. - Yes, well,
she certainly sounds rattled.
Huntley's definitely hiding
something about how the case
against Farmer was handled.
What, I don't know.
Steve, you're going to look into
the original conviction that got
Farmer put on the Sex
Offenders Register, right?
Erm, yeah. It checks out.
Which suggests that maybe Huntley's
got the right man after all.
Makes me think twice about
moving Kate's undercover
up to the next level.
Er, no, no.
I agree with Kate, sir. It's
still worth digging deeper.
Right, well, you're my best team.
If that's what you both think.
- Let's turn the screw.
- Sir.
Someone to see you, ma'am.
DS Arnott, ma'am.
AC-12.
Who are you here to see?
I'm making enquiries
into Operation Trapdoor.
In regards to what?
Just opening our inquiry,
ma'am. It's too early to say.
Then why are you here in person?
A courtesy call.
Just passing.
I'll see you again, DCI Huntley.
May I ask what you're doing here?
We haven't been able to rule
out Michael Farmer's involvement
in a number of unsolved crimes
within the jurisdiction of the
East Midlands Constabulary, so we're
creating a bilateral task force.
I've been placed on temporary
secondment to your team, ma'am.
You push from the inside,
I'll push from the outside.
She'll crack.
Thank you for seeing me, sir.
My pleasure. Thanks, Jan.
How can I help?
I wonder if you have any
idea why AC-12 are examining
Operation Trapdoor?
Um...
I'm not corrupt, sir.
Nor are my team.
All procedures were followed.
Evidence met the threshold
test, met and surpassed it.
I stuck with you on this because
you're better than your record.
Your career break, I mean.
All those years out being a full-time mum.
Some would worry that
had cost you your edge.
But I have the advantage of knowing
first-hand how good you are.
Thank you very much, sir.
There's a lot of evidence,
pro and con, a lot of facts.
You've got what it takes
to cut through all that.
There's facts...
and then there's the truth.
I know you won't let me down.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Jane. Can I take a look at
the forensic reports on these
particular items of evidence?
I've lost track of the e-mails.
All the reference numbers are down there.
No problem, coming right up.
- Everything all right, Tim? - Hi,
Roz. - Why don't you guys go in?
Yeah, yeah, all good.
Right, then. Have a good day.
You too.
- Morning.
Your friend's been here a
couple of hours already.
- Friend?
- I put him in the meeting room.
Tim.
PC Bindra said I could
wait till you arrived.
Or you can make an appointment.
I'd rather people didn't
know I was coming here.
So what have you discovered so far?
Well, the inquiry's ongoing so
it would be inappropriate to...
So you're investigating. Great.
Well, this'll help.
Now, I was only responsible
for coordinating the
forensic deployment in
Michael Farmer's house.
But I've been able to access
reports into the evidence obtained
from Hana Reznikova, the alleged
victim, and Michael Farmer himself.
If Michael Farmer had bundled
Hana Reznikova into his car and
dragged her into his house,
you'd imagine that some of his
clothes' fibres would have
been detected on her clothing,
wouldn't you?
Yeah, of course.
The clothing worn by Hana
Reznikova shows no fibres
detected that match the
clothing worn by Michael Farmer,
only black fibres from a
cotton and polyester blend,
that could have come from a
black jacket like her abductor
was wearing.
Farmer was wearing different
clothing when he was arrested.
He could have disposed
of the black jacket.
No black fibres were found
on Michael Farmer's clothing
or in his house.
No fibres from a balaclava
were found in his hair.
Now, Roz Huntley is too clever
for all this to have been missed.
I feel like I'm alone.
Like no-one else at Polk Avenue
realises what's really going on.
I mean, of all people, you
know what that feels like.
- Sorry?
- You were a whistle-blower.
You know, you refused to go
along with the cover-up into the
shooting of Karim Ali and
you testified against your
colleagues at the inquest.
That is why I insisted
on meeting only you.
Because you'd understand.
You understand what I'm thinking.
Now, either the forensic
investigators were silenced
by Roz Huntley...
.. or they're in on the conspiracy too.
"Conspiracy"?
To do what?
To ignore evidence pointing
at another suspect.
I mean, you've seen the balaclava photo?
Of course.
It's been released to the press,
so it's in the public domain.
Right, well, this is the CCTV image
of a suspicious figure wearing
a balaclava and black jacket
seen in the vicinity of the
disappearance of the second victim.
Leonie Collersdale. Last
seen 25th of January.
Now, I've got some software
that can analyse his biometrics.
This has all been tried.
Because of the high angle,
the figure's height can't be
estimated without a wide margin of error.
Correct. Now, vertical
measurements are highly unreliable.
Horizontal ones aren't.
Such as foot size.
This is 27.5cm, the
equivalent to a UK size ten.
Now, the footwear seized from
Michael Farmer's home and belonging
to him was all a UK size eight.
You believe this can't be Michael Farmer?
Not only that.
The boot print captured
from the kitchen floor
of Michael Farmer's home
was also a UK size ten.
This is the man I'm convinced killed
Baswinder Kaur, Leonie Collersdale,
and abducted Hana Reznikova,
and framed Michael Farmer for everything,
and Roz Huntley has stopped
everyone looking for him.
Jodie?
Anything I can do, ma'am?
Yes. Some of the forensics
in the Michael Farmer case,
I'd like them reprocessed.
Sure.
- I'll e-mail a list of which ones.
- OK, no problem.
Hello.
Would you like to order
from the breakfast menu?
Uh, right, um...
No, I'll just have a cup of tea, please.
OK, we have Earl Grey, English
breakfast, peppermint tea?
Yeah, Earl Grey.
- Earl Grey. OK, take a seat,
sir, I'll bring it over. - Thanks.
That's me, sir, if you're interested.
Yeah, maybe we should fix a
time for you to come round
and size up my flat?
Great! I'll check my diary.
Just don't leave before
we make an appointment.
I won't.
Sorry, ma'am, but I thought
you should know about this.
When I looked at the forensic
reports on Michael Farmer's
- and Hana Reznikova's
clothing... - Yes?
Last one to tell tales, but Tim
Ifield signed out the reports.
He's been looking at them too.
Thanks, Jodie.
Are you OK, ma'am? Fancy a cuppa?
- No, thank you.
- OK.
Having come under fierce criticism
for failing to capture the murderer,
Central Police are now being
praised for their breakthrough.
Police and Crime Commissioner Paula...
You all right?
I need to go back to work.
What's wrong with Mum?
Oh, Roz?
I was ringing that bell for
ages. You need to get it fixed.
It's... It's silent. It's all
controlled by my computer.
For God's sake.
Can I come in?
Um, yeah, yeah, of course.
Is everything OK?
No.
That's what I want to talk about.
OK. Can I get you a tea or a coffee?
I'm not staying.
I'm just going to ask you, straight up --
what the hell is going on?
I'm not sure what you mean.
I'm the Senior Investigating Officer.
You're the forensic coordinator.
You have your area of expertise,
but fundamentally you answer to me.
Yes.
So why are you questioning my
evaluation of forensic evidence?
Look, I can see you're upset,
but wouldn't it be better if
we discussed this at work?
I want to discuss it now.
You've come to my home, at
night, you're clearly emotional.
Don't make out I'm in the wrong, Tim.
You're the one going behind my back.
See? You know exactly
what I'm referring to.
I had no choice.
You had the choice to talk to me.
- I tried.
- Oh, don't give me that.
You made some half-hearted
effort to discuss a couple of
minor anomalies in the evidence recovered
- from Michael Farmer's house.
- They're hardly minor.
Cases of this complexity
create mountains of evidence.
It takes the experience of a good SIO
to cut through all that
and recognise the truth.
The evidence is the truth!
You think Michael Farmer's
innocent, I know that he is guilty.
There's a pattern of institutional
blindness, led by you,
into the possibility of another suspect.
What other suspect? There
is no other suspect!
Balaclava Man!
He committed the previous
murders and he planted evidence
in Michael Farmer's house.
Michael Farmer is Balaclava Man,
and those items were trophies.
Of course they would have appeared
different to other household items.
And the boot print -- so what?
It's a house on a busy estate,
who knows who coming and going.
You are taking your narrow
view of your own specialism,
writing off all other parts
of the case that I, as SIO,
am in a better position to evaluate.
Listen, I can see you're angry,
but I think you should leave.
Who the hell do you think you are?
- Don't you push me.
- I'm not the one pushing.
Can't you see I'm right
about Michael Farmer?
No, actually, what I see is someone
who can't admit that she's wrong!
This is my life, my career,
and I will not have some sad
little wanker mess that up!
Is that how you see Michael Farmer?
Some "sad little wanker" that
you can frame and lock him up?
I did not frame him.
You made sure an INNOCENT man is charged!
What do you know about anything?
And what gives you the right
to say that he's innocent?
What have you got against
Michael Farmer, except him being
retarded enough for you to frame?!
Argh!
You just assaulted a police officer.
Oh, no, no, no.
- You're staying.
- I'm leaving.
No, no, let's talk about this. Just stay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org